c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\obj\Debug\GrundrissTester.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\bin\Debug\dll\x86\OpenCvSharpExtern.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_ffmpeg320.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\bin\Debug\dll\x64\OpenCvSharpExtern.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_ffmpeg320_64.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\bin\Debug\GrundrissTester.exe.config
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\bin\Debug\GrundrissTester.exe
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\bin\Debug\GrundrissTester.pdb
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\bin\Debug\ImageDetectionUtility.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Blob.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Extensions.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.UserInterface.dll
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\bin\Debug\ImageDetectionUtility.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.pdb
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Blob.pdb
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Blob.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Extensions.pdb
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Extensions.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.UserInterface.pdb
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.UserInterface.xml
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\obj\Debug\GrundrissTester.exe
c:\users\jamie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GrundrissTester\GrundrissTester\obj\Debug\GrundrissTester.pdb
